---
title: "Lab members"
layout: home_nopage
author_profile: true
classes: wide
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.2"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/banner_pelicans_large.jpg
  caption: 'Blackwater Reserve - Maryland'
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

## Ophélie Couriot

<img src="/assets/people/ophelie.png" style="float:right"/>

Ophélie is a wildlife ecologist focusing on the response of wildlife to
global change. In particular, changes in movement behaviour of animals
to human-induced changes to the climate and their environment. Ophélie
investigates mechanisms across several scales: from the individual to
the population, with a particular focus on barren-ground caribou in the
North American Arctic.

She completed her PhD at the University of Toulouse (France) studying
the impacts of spatiotemporal variation in resource and risk
distribution on movement and activity patterns of two large lowland
herbivore species in Europe: roe deer and red deer.

## Megan Perra

Megan is a PhD student in the Gurarie lab interested in how biological
cues like soundscapes and interspecific vocalizations influence movement
decision making in caribou. More simply: Do caribou eavesdrop on the
soundscape to help them find good habitat patches? She completed her
masters at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, where she studied caribou
auditory physiology and the soundscapes of the Arctic Coastal Plain.

## Chloe Beaupré

Chloe is pursuing a PhD in Dr. Gurarie's lab. She is fascinated by
movement ecology and her goal is to pursue research that fills
information gaps and can be applied to important management actions.
Chloe recently relocated to Syracuse from Colorado's Western Slope after
finishing a dual degree (Master in Environmental Management, Master of
Science in Ecology), where she studied the influence of recreation on
deer and elk and how many GPS collars to deploy to map migration and
distribution at the population level for a slew of Colorado's ungulate
species.

## Ekaterina Khadonova

<img src="/assets/people/ekhadona.jpg" style="float:right"/>


I am currently a masters student in Dr. Gurarie's Wildlife Ecology lab
exploring various aspects of environmental biology. Prior to commencing
my SUNY ESF journey, I obtained my degree in Human Ecology from College
of the Atlantic, where I got a chance to work across a variety of
ecosystems, including Maine coast and islands, Costa Rica, and my home,
Russia. My main goal is to work on protecting complex systems that
sustain endangered and threatened species. I am passionate about
bringing together the human and wildlife dimensions of conservation,
which I attempt to accomplish through combining field research,
modeling, policy, and public outreach for the projects I am involved
with.

**Graduate Research Topic** Examining the impacts of selective predation
by wolves on the spread of chronic wasting disease (CWD) in white-tailed
deer in the western Great Lakes Region by developing and analyzing a
spatially explicit, predator-prey-disease model informed by monitoring
and behavioral data on deer and wolves, including human interventions
(e.g., harvest).

**Favorite Quote** "Now I understand that one of the important reasons
for going to college and getting an education is to learn that the
things you've believed in all your life aren't true, and that nothing is
what it appears to be." ― Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon

## Sydney Opel

Sydney is a Master's student with an interest in carnivore conservation
and ecology. Her goal is to seek a better understanding of movement,
behavior and trophic interactions of carnivores to aid in the protection
and conservation of carnivores in their native habitats.

## Anna Brose

Anna is a communications and program manager for the [Fate of the
Caribou Project](fateofthecaribou.esf.edu). Anna grew up alongside
caribou in Alaska before receiving a bachelor's in Wildlife Biology at
Colorado State University. With extensive field experience across the
United States, she has worked for several state and federal agencies in
various wildlife research positions. She completed her Master's in
Wildlife Ecology at the University of Wisconsin - Madison in 2021, where
she studied elk habitat use in northern Wisconsin. Anna is a self-taught
science communicator and illustrator, and is a wildlife artist on the
side.
